Future Work minor updates (#126)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/future-work/motor-system-improvements/model-based-exploration-policy.md

    - High-frequency changes in low-level features means we need a more detailed model of that part of the object. For example, the point-normals change frequently at the head of the fork, and so we likely need to explore it in more detail to develop a sufficiently descriptive model. The feature-change sensor-module is helpful for ensuring these observations are processed by the learning-module, but a modified policy would actually encourage more exploration in these regions.
    - Locations that are useful for distinguishing objects, such as the fork vs. spoon heads, are worth knowing in detail, because they define the differences between similar objects. These points correspond to those that are frequently tested by the hypothesis-testing policy (see [Reuse Hypothesis-Testing Policy Target Points](../motor-system-improvements/reuse-hypothesis-testing-policy-target-points.md)), and such stored locations can be leveraged to guide exploration.
    - As we introduce hierarchy, it may be possible to unify these concepts under a single policy, i.e. where frequently changing features can either be at the sensory (low-level) input, or at the more abstract level of incoming sub-objects.

> Model-based exploration policies will be particularly important in an unsupervised setting, due to the lack of supervisory support. For example, we currently show objects from 14 idealized rotations, providing maximum coverage of their surfaces. However, in an unsupervised setting, only a handful of (random) rotations will be shown, and so we will need to explore the object in a systematic manner in order to learn high-quality models.

Reviewer: I think this may be a bit confusing. There is nothing stopping us from showing the objects in the 14 rotation in unsupervised experiments (in fact, that's what we currently do). I would frame it more as this being important when we learn compositional objects where we can't show the subobjects independently in idealized orientations.

Author: I guess one thing at the moment is that, once Monty believes its doesn't recognize an object, it continues in the learning/model-building stage for a long period of time, but that might be something that we also want to update. Or maybe there is a more natural way to eliminate this final separation between inference and learning? (e.g. every step is both exploratory and matching, in that if we suddenly recognize what we are on, then we can combine the recently learned information/buffer/graph)

Author: Ah sorry maybe that change hadn't been pushed, it should be there now. I've also added the example of compositional objects. You should now see the below:

```
Model-based exploration policies will be particularly important in an unsupervised setting, due to the lack of supervisory support. In particular, Monty will need to efficiently explore objects in order to recognize the commonality between different instances in which they are observed. For example, after learning a coffee mug from one view, and then seeing it from a different angle, Monty can move around to see that these are two views of the same object, and combine these into a single model. Learning the full structure of an object through such active exploration should be easier than relying on separate, idealized views of the object (e.g. 14 rotations corresponding to the 6 faces and 8 corners of a cube), where the relationship between instances may be ambiguous.

Such active exploration will also be important when dealing with compositional or multi-object settings, where establishing views of all sides of an object is not straightforward due to the presence of other objects or object-parts.
```

    - High-frequency changes in low-level features means we need a more detailed model of that part of the object. For example, the point-normals change frequently at the head of the fork, and so we likely need to explore it in more detail to develop a sufficiently descriptive model. The feature-change sensor-module is helpful for ensuring these observations are processed by the learning-module, but a modified policy would actually encourage more exploration in these regions.
    - Locations that are useful for distinguishing objects, such as the fork vs. spoon heads, are worth knowing in detail, because they define the differences between similar objects. These points correspond to those that are frequently tested by the hypothesis-testing policy (see [Reuse Hypothesis-Testing Policy Target Points](../motor-system-improvements/reuse-hypothesis-testing-policy-target-points.md)), and such stored locations can be leveraged to guide exploration.
    - As we introduce hierarchy, it may be possible to unify these concepts under a single policy, i.e. where frequently changing features can either be at the sensory (low-level) input, or at the more abstract level of incoming sub-objects.

> Model-based exploration policies will be particularly important in an unsupervised setting, due to the lack of supervisory support. In particular, Monty will need to efficiently explore objects in order to recognize the commonality between different instances in which they are observed. For example, after learning a coffee mug from one view, and then seeing it from a different angle, Monty can move around to see that these are two views of the same object, and combine these into a single model. Learning the full structure of an object through such active exploration should be easier than relying on separate, idealized views of the object (e.g. 14 rotations corresponding to the 6 faces and 8 corners of a cube), where the relationship between instances may be ambiguous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Model-based exploration policies will be particularly important in an unsupervised setting. In particular, Monty will need to efficiently explore objects in order to recognize the commonality between different perspectives from which they are observed. For example, after learning a coffee mug from one view, and then seeing it from a different angle, Monty can move around to see that these are two views of the same object, and combine these into a single model. However, this recognition requires some overlap between the parts of the mug that have been see during the first exposure and what is observed on the second exposure. Learning the full structure of an object through active exploration should be easier than relying on separate, idealized views of the object (e.g. 14 rotations corresponding to the 6 faces and 8 corners of a cube), where the overlap between view points may be minimal.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for the update! What do you think of these little tweaks?

Author: Nice, yeah these are great
